Brothers, it's hard to believe this is our last time together.
Wow, we have the pack agenda.
So let's get started.
This is our last week with our circuit overseer
before he leaves us for his new circuit assignment.
Rick's been a great circuit overseer,
spiritually mature, experienced, and patient,
with us.
Tom, you thought?
Rick is single, and sadly, there were plenty times
we turned that gift into a challenge.
Ever since his first visit.
A minute?
Oh, that.
Longing night.
My washing machine is a clanker.
I just assumed a single brother had lots of free time.
I didn't know how much he had to do on his own.
But there was a lot more.
I didn't understand.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
Hey.
Look.
They have something there.
It sounds like a great Bible study.
I can't wait to meet her.
Thank you. See you then.
See ya.
That would be really good.
I don't know what you're waiting for.
For what?
Come on.
A single circuit overseer, a pioneer sister.
You've got to be looking for a CEO wife.
Well, the teasing was so inappropriate.
And was there at every visit.
Then there were those trying to be, how should I say,
helpful?
Look.
You want to meet them.
And so I invite them for lunch Saturday.
Rick never asked for that help.
All it did was put him and plenty of sisters
in an awkward situation.
That's what he dealt with week after week.
We all failed at times to see past the single person
to the spiritual man giving Jehovah his best.
We'll miss you.
Just maybe not as much as some of the sisters.
I didn't want to make that mistake again
with any single brother or sister.
Rick, Jeff, thank you.
I learn a lot from you.
And I hope Jehovah blesses you wherever you go.
Thanks, Rayman.